Remove duplicate subs, subs for generic words, and outdated terms (#4042)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/stack-monitoring/es-local-exporter.md

* All indexing impacts the local cluster and the nodes that hold the monitoring indices' shards.
* Most collectors run on the elected master node. Therefore most indexing occurs with the elected master node as the coordinating node, which is a bad practice.

> * Any usage of X-Pack monitoring for {{kib}} uses the local cluster’s resources for searches and aggregations, which means that they might not be available for non-monitoring tasks.

Reviewer: Ditto:
```suggestion
* Any usage of {{monitor-features}} for {{kib}} uses the local cluster’s resources for searches and aggregations, which means that they might not be available for non-monitoring tasks.
```
